{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Troubleshooting voxel_mask rda CD_32\
\
* Script failing to generate voxel masks from rda. Empty voxel_time_reg_biascorr files. Script then fails to segment to get proportions of grey, white, csf. \
\
Troubleshooting steps: \
*checked .dcm to .nifti conversion\
* checked and reset permissions for rda files.\
* *** next to try - recopy rda files from carbon_backup and rename again.  \
* opened rda files with Tarquin to see if they contained relevant information - spectra loaded and looked fine. \
* reran entire script - inc. fsl_anat. \
* checked accuracy of bet brain extraction \
* made sure voxel_mask_from_rda.sh was on bash path.\
* checked permissions of voxel_mask_from_rda.sh script. Looked over code for mentions of fslview - changed to fslview_deprecated which may have been causing script to error (fslview has now been superseded by fsleyes)\
\
*Isolated that input structural image t1_*timepoint*_orient_nii_gz opens correctly, looks fine, but does not output mask image when combined with rda1. \
\
* 3/4/18\
t1_*timepoint*_orient.nii.gz does not open correctly in fsleyes. This is the input structural image into voxel_mask_from_rda.sh script. \
\
Error is as far back as fslreorient2std - the input images t1_*timepoint*.nii.gz and resulting t1_pre_orient.nii.gz cannot be opened by fsleyes (but curiously fslanat still runs). \
\
}